docs: `transaction.to` MUST be a Contract Address (#250)
nervosnetwork/godwoken-web3: docs/compatibility.md

## RPC compatibility

### 1. `transaction.to` MUST be a Contract Address

The `to` member of a Godwoken transaction must be a contract.

#### Result

> - in the following RPCs, the transaction `to_address` parameter **CAN NOT** be an EOA address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the following RPCs, the `to` parameter can only be a contract address and **CANNOT** be an EOA address:
```

  - eth_call
  - eth_estimateGas
  - eth_sendRawTransaction

#### Recommend workaround

> - **Transfer Value From EOA To EOA**: Use the `transfer function` in [CKB_ERC20_Proxy](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken-polyjuice/blob/3f1ad5b/solidity/erc20/README.md) contract [combined](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken-polyjuice/blob/3f1ad5b322/solidity/erc20/SudtERC20Proxy_UserDefinedDecimals.sol#L154) with sUDT_ID = 1 (CKB a.k.a. [pCKB](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken/blob/compatibility-breaking-changes/docs/life_of_a_polyjuice_transaction.md#pckb)).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Transfer Value From EOA To EOA**: Use the `transfer function` in [CKB_ERC20_Proxy](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken-polyjuice/blob/3f1ad5b/solidity/erc20/README.md) contract [combined](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken-polyjuice/blob/3f1ad5b322/solidity/erc20/SudtERC20Proxy_UserDefinedDecimals.sol#L154) with sUDT_ID = 1 (CKB a.k.a. [pCKB](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken/blob/develop/docs/life_of_a_polyjuice_transaction.md#pckb)).
```
